Has there been any progress on our fugitives?
There had been sightings of Kennedy.
but by the time we got there. he had disappeared.
Nothing about Lucas Kyle.
We think he may have died during the uprising.
What about the strangers? Any idea who they are?
Except for Kennedy's followers? No.
I'm looking for a woman with bandages on her right hand.
We were told that we have a vitamin D deficiency.
Please send two D barrels to the water filtration plant.
My name is Orla Kent. and I am the shadow head of procurement.
You're hurting me.
Please don't tell me we have a problem on the first day of the council meeting.
Madam Mayor.
I just wanted to ask about your memory.
Will anything come back?
I had a memory.
I'm outside the pressure equalization chamber with Bernard.
- Do you know what I'm talking about?
- No.
What did you say to her?
- Bernard died of poisoning.
- Robert.
He has had no memory for three months.
Except for the ones I gave her.
Double the dose.
Your vitamins.
Do you know anyone who was affected?
I wanted to talk to you
about the dirty bomb.
I'm starting to feel like I'm the only one
who thinks this is a date.
That journalist.
Helen Drew.
She's working on a story.
Well. if he's not the New Orleans hero.
I would like to be appointed to the Iran Committee.
I think I might know whether
my little sister is going to bomb Iran.
Join that committee
and tell the reporter what you can.
Rider Four. I've got something
strange on the dashboard.
Charlotte's plane crashed.
They are sent to Heidi
Stensen's clinic in Fairfax.
But she has
a brain injury. It's painful--
Brain Injuries
Painful. Which—which.
Who are you?
Bullshit.
- Hey. I'm finally on my way home.
- Hi.
I just wanted to check.
- Today was a great day.
- Yes. it was.
- Is everything okay?
- Yes.
You did a good job on the board.
I think this is the beginning of something special.
It smells like smoke in here.
I didn't like the soup. so I reheated the pizza.
Well. then...
- Night.
The message itself is not a serious cause for concern.
What's concerning is her decision to lie to you about it.
Medicine can only erase what once was.
But if you don't believe the new story.
We have a completely different problem.
And you. Camille. you are the narrator you should trust.
I don't understand why this is taking so long.
I said a month or two at most.
We have 352 years of data
This indicates that the protocol is effective.
Most of the time.
When done correctly.
Six silos have been successfully fully treated.
Reappointments. including your own reappointment 140 years ago.
There were people who were targeted along the way.
He notices your frustration.
Although it has mostly proven effective.
There were also exceptions.
Exceptions such as Juliet Nichols. who required long-term treatment.
Camil. you're working with an exception like this.
I feel much better now.
Her dream hints at a memory of her return.
It remains in her subconscious.
Continue the treatment regimen for another two weeks.
Strengthen your security measures and redouble your efforts
To convince Nichols that you are her most trusted ally.
Thirty miles from Cartersville.
A breathtaking view of the sunset over Mount Pine.
Yes. we had horses. ducks. and goats.
These two bulldogs.
Enrage the dogs that God has placed on earth.
The only thing they did was kick us out of the main gate.
Home every time we get off the bus.
When I told you that I had created
The University of Georgia Bulldogs mascot...
Don't worry.
What?
Well. I laughed so hard that you...
You've made yourself angry.
I don't seem like a very nice sister.
My mother's name was Grace.
Dad...
William.
Please. I...
I'm sorry. Donald. I just...
I don't know what to say.
No.
Don't apologize.
I'm sorry.
Damn him.
Are you okay?
I don't usually swear on inanimate objects.
The worst targets for anger.
Furthermore. she had been asking for this machine for months.
That's good.
Don't worry about that
Okay?
The one who—the one that.
My sister is here.
Well. her body is here.
I was sitting there with someone I'd been talking to every day for the past few days
Three decades. and she looks at me as if I were an Uber driver.
You are Daniel.
We were expecting you.
I'm Victor Krnakovich.
I'm Dr. Charlotte.
- Hehe.
I'm glad to meet you.
Yes. I'm afraid I have to tell you that I'm the reason he doesn't remember you.
For that medication.
It's like building a moving bridge between her and her memory.
A safety gap. so to speak. between the upper and lower floors.
When used for a very long time. the bridge remains standing and becomes permanent
She never regained her memory.
But once he gets stronger. we'll take a break from the medication.
Lower the bridge. cross. and choose...
Actually. I choose...
Which memories should you revisit. and which should you leave behind?
Did I lose you at that drawbridge?
No.
I don't know.
Yeah...
That kind of conversation wasn't on my list
Things I'm trying to figure out today.
The drawbridge is lowering.
How can she regain her memory?
And we tell her story over and over again.
Her story?
All right.
Why do humans
rule the world. and not monkeys?
I don't know.
Opposable thumb.
Better engine control.
- A bigger brain.
Less hair.
- Okay.
Let's give this a try.
What do you do all day?
Now? Call some strangers
and ask them for money.
Exactly. You can connect
with people and tell them a story.
You take a set of
data and weave meaning around it.
This is what we do. and this is who we are.
We are storytellers. creators of meaning.
It is our only great strength.
You. me. Charlotte.
We are. in fact. just a collection of stories we've told ourselves.
Memory is our inner history.
The information we've made up to tell ourselves who we are.
"The Cure" is a review of Charlotte's book.
Okay?
Like I said.
We'll stop taking the medicine. and memory is just a memory.
She'll fill it up again with her story.
One memory after another?
Memory through memory.
My dear sister.
A distinguished naval aviator.
Another mission to Iran. but this time you have a choice.
Daniel. you have the option of not overwhelming her with the whole truth.
I was shocked by what happened to her.
You have the option to put it behind you.
Can I tell her a lie?
Can you believe that?
Why are you lying?
Well. he has some opinions about me that I wouldn't mind if he forgot.
In fact. it is possible to plant a lie.
It will take a lot of time and a lot of effort.
Real memories fade faster because
They're already on the page.
She just can't see them.
You'll need artifacts to bring back old memories.
As you know. things from her life. her childhood.
Memory is located in the body. not just in the brain.
Well...
It lies in the scents of the past and in its meaning
which we wove around the things we had when we were children.
We use them as shortcuts
to stimulate neural pathways.
Our fathers died when we were young.
We moved in with our aunt.
There aren't many things left from our childhood.
I'm sorry. but there's something
else between the ones and the zeros.
It's not just about
nerve cells and synapses—there's more to it than that.
Something mysterious like...
Like a spirit.
Neither I nor anyone else will be in control of it.
So sometimes—maybe 10%
of the time—it doesn't work.
But she's responding well. so you have reason to be hopeful.
Okay?
Okay.
Sorry to interrupt. boss.
There's a woman here.
I filed a standard missing persons report.
But he won't leave until he sees you.
This is not a typical report
on missing persons.
Is the person's name missing?
Orla Kent.
She is my sister.
A shadow for the head of procurement?
I saw her yesterday at the Sawameh Council.
I spoke with her.
- She's gone?
- He comes to see me every night.
After her transformation.
Last night. nothing.
Maybe she went home and broke down.
No. she said she would deliver a message.
My father is elderly.
They care. That's our agreement.
Ever since we were children.
No unexcused absences. and no cause for concern.
Listen. I know you're busy with a lot of things
He's more important than anyone else in the force. but something's wrong.
I know that deep down.
I lied to my parents.
I told them that Orla stayed with me last night.
I can't lie to them again today.
All right.
Thank you.
It's all very Frankenstein-esque.
Krankovich?
No. me.
He asks me...
I don't know. put the shopping cart in her head.
Select many parts and restore their spirit.
So...
I mean. who are we if not the sum of our memories? Isn't that right?
I think so.
Look. I thought I might go check on her to make sure everything was okay.
I never served in the military—well. you know. just a little candy. or a small magazine for a wounded veteran
It seems like the very least I can do. literally.
Of course.
Daniel.
- Ya.
- Helen.
- Hehe.
Have you met Anna Thorman?
Helen Drew.
Not officially.
Everyone says your mother's arguments are unassailable.
Ever since she turned you on. well...
Helen and I ended up on a date by chance.
It's not a meeting.
Listen. I was just in your office.
I heard about your sister.
- I wanted to apologize.
- Thank you.
Is she at Walter Reed?
No. they transferred her to Heidi Stensen's clinic.
The connection.
Someone must have made some serious contacts.
I can't imagine a Navy pilot having that much money stashed away.
Actually. I think you'll find that Dr. Krnakovich feels the same way
Veterans have been receiving free medical care for many years.
Yes. I think so.
The one—the one.
His first trial focused on prison inmates
In countries so burdened by U.S. aid that they cannot say no.
His second job was with the Ministry of Defense as a recruit during his first year.
Those who have no say in their medical treatment.
In both cases. he took a large eraser from the blackboard
And erase their memories.
It has allowed veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder to forget the horrors they witnessed.
He allowed professional criminals to forget that they were criminals
And they become productive members of society.
But he decides what people remember and what they don't.
Doesn't that worry you?
Well. it's a little more complicated than that.
She's my sister. too.
As you know. ever since I became a fighter pilot. I've been worried.
Is it ironic to say that it is?
Does he use injured veterans to test his theories?
- Helen.
- Victor lost his wife.
And a child was involved in a car accident
when he fell asleep while driving.
I think he has more nerve
in the game of shock than most people.
He takes care of it.
Please give my regards to Charlotte.
Of course.
Did you meet a reporter
and think it was an interview?
Politicians and journalists.
You know it's a deal—
They're transactions—yes. I know.
I was...
Confused?
Well. aside from being
really sexy. she's also good at her job.
Even if the only thing
she could get was bad.
Isn't she in the post?
No. it hasn't been there for a year.
She was a bad girl.
And it's now in one of the
online "dirty waste" factories.
Nevertheless. she is a journalist.
She got what she wanted.
and you got nothing.
What did you get?
I asked her where Charlotte was being treated.
I told her it was free.
She said. "You have to take the whole box..."
For good luck.
Okay?
"I wanted the truth.
It's true that I love you.
Don't worry; they're good at supplying.
Mayor?
Ms.
Sims asked me to keep a
more formal record of our movements today.
Go back to the presentation. If they can't find us
any more equipment and ladders...
.
They will be ready only for their grandchildren.
Cover me.
As you know. you still need to talk to her.
I can't.
I asked for your help.
All right.
Maybe I should check with someone.
It's safe and everything's fine to go down. but...
.
Why?
Who will verify it?
I am the mayor.
This is my security detail.
A teddy bear.
What's going on here?
The mayor wants to get off.
Madam Mayor. may I ask why you want to get off?
Do I have to give you a reason?
Well. I'm in charge of renovating the staircase.
And no one climbs the rope without my permission.
Did you know that I don't really remember you?
Yes. I know.
And I have this feeling that we didn't really agree.
We did everything right.
I'd like to speak with Martha Walker.
Well. you're in luck.
She was on her way to turn 60 to pick up some medical supplies.
She should be back downstairs any minute now.
Exactly.
All right. we'll wait.
Madam Mayor.
While you're waiting. can I talk to you for a moment?
Privacy.
The one who—the one that.
Of course.
That's fine.
I... Damn it.
Camille gave us all the instructions on how to talk to you
So as not to jeopardize your recovery.
That's fine.
Here you go.
I asked Shirley about Bernard Holland.
Which one—the one or the one?
I remembered something this morning.
I don't know if this is helpful. but during the uprising.
A man got off.
He said he was Bernard's shadow.
Well. we didn't have time for him. Shirley.
I just wanted to put him in a cell.
But he said he knows you.
He said that when I reached that hill.
Someone saw you go into a place
And that you might still be alive.
- Who said that?
- No.
All I know is that (Sheryl) took him to the drill site.
He was looking for something down there.
He didn't want to say what he really thought.
But if this man really is Bernard's shadow.
Maybe he can help you.
What's his name?
Luke Kyle.
I'm going to have an assistant in my next life.
I'm tired of doing things for her
A person has to do that themselves.
Hello.
Let me start from the beginning.
I'm from Congressman Daniel Kane's office.
He asked me to stop and check on his sister.
Maybe...
Maybe I should take her outside?
Why didn't Shirley tell me herself?
I mean...
We all struggle with how to understand
What she remembers and what she doesn't.
And I know you won't remember this.
But Shirley puts up a defense when she gets hurt.
I mean. when I first came back.
Cheryl camped out outside your hospital room for ten days in a row.
He won't leave you.
I was practically forced to take it back to the mechanics department.
Then rumors began to circulate that you had lost a lot of your memory in the fire.
But Cheryl won't let that happen.
He won't forget her.
I've climbed 144 levels to reach the spot
where you are for the first time in the cafeteria.
I waited in the back.
Let everyone take their share from you.
Then. when it was
her turn. she looked through it.
I...
I think talking to you
is really painful for you right now.
This is Walker.
Madam Mayor. this is Martha Walker.
Don't worry about it.
She has no idea who I am.
Is that you?
Let's start with something simple.
Are you still drinking coffee?
Or am I not allowed to ask that because you're so sensitive?
I'm drinking coffee.
Good.
So what did they tell you?
Well. they said I was doing that
You spend a lot of time in your workshop.
The mayor is coming.
Madam Mayor. please go ahead.
He can wait just like us.
So...
I know my main responsibility was the generator. right?
But I want to know why I spent so much time with you.
I came here to ask for advice.
The one you never took.
Why?
- Hello.
- Pride and arrogance.
Hey. two black coffees. please.
Stop licking.
So why did you want to see me?
I got a text message last night.
Did you send it?
It wasn't me.
What did he say?
You don't believe me.
I want to believe you.
- Yes?
- Yes.
Why is that the case?
I remember you sent me a text message the day I went out to clean.
"They're good at supplying."
This shows me that you replaced the heating element.
Something you could be sent to clean up.
And you wouldn't do that to anyone
Would you do that to someone...
Yeah. well. that was back then.
So what?
You don't remember something—it's gone.
It's also possible that it doesn't exist at all.
All right.
So...
The message I received says
"If you want to know the truth. go to the market at two o'clock.
So. I want to know. should I go to the market?
Should I go...?
Do you know what bothered you the most?
If there is a problem. a question. or a decision that needs to be made
And they all pointed in the same direction.
You'll decide that the only direction you can go is the opposite one.
Good.
Okay.
That's really annoying.
No.
What was annoying was that you were right 99% of the time.
Because you trust your intuition.
So my question for you now is. what does your intuition tell you?
I can't.
As you can see. the person for whom I risked my life was a fighter.
She will fight with all her might
Arrogance and stubbornness were embodied in her.
Is this it?
- What's this?
- Are you even trying?
Shall we remember?
What... I'm here.
Is that right?
So. yeah.
What...
I understand...
I'm getting fragments of a memory. or
something like that. I don't know what it is.
The more I try to hold on to him. the further away he gets from me...
I don't know what to do.
Try something even harder.
I don't remember you.
That's fine. I don't take it personally.
You're the only one.
How about we sit over there?
It's a good idea to avoid
staring constantly and asking questions...
And the pressure to recover something of value.
Do you have any other military visitors?
Hoping to recover something of value?
Not yet.
Most of the time. my brother hangs around me.
I have a hunch that I'll remember something.
- Yes.
- Remember him.
Well. just so you know. I'm a journalist.
I want you to throw something again. too.
We met several times.
There was something about the mission in Iran that bothered you.
I don't remember anything about the mission
Part of what I do is help people get their stories right. okay?
I help them fill in the blanks.
So I thought I could tell you what I know about the mission
And what do they say officially?
Maybe that will help achieve something.
Charlotte.
Charlotte?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Wait a minute.
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
Okay. sorry.
Wait. sorry. guys.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Look. I know this isn't part of your orders.
But I need some space.
So. can you give me 30 minutes. or...
Have you met Mrs. Sims?
If I let you out of my sight. my guts will be on the line...
- I know. but I have to— - Juliet.
- That's her.
It's Juliet.
- Hi. everyone.
- Wait. wait.
No.
- Hey. stop. stop. stop. stop. stop.
- All right. guys.
I'm sorry. no.
- Jerry.
Hey.
No. no. no.
Just give the mayor some space. okay?
- Khalaf.
- What the hell are you...
- Did you touch me?
- What are you talking about?
He touched me—how ridiculous!
- I'm sorry.
- Oh!
- You need to keep your hands off her.
Madam Mayor. this is a misunderstanding.
Ma'am. are you lost?
If you want the truth. come with me.
Count with me. Three...
Hold it.
That's it. Respiratory syncope.
- Inhale for three seconds and hold it.
- Okay.
and outside it.
Good. You're okay. Just
take it easy for now.
Let her go. All right. Good.
It seems Charlotte knows her.
- Did you call the police?
- No. I was waiting for you.
Who are you?
What?
I'm the guy who made him help you with the hard drive.
Patrick Kennedy. whose life wasn't any worse than it was when he met you.
You're one of the fugitives.
Danny.
You ruined my life. too.
He put me in judicial isolation.
Try it
Let's forget about it; it might never happen.
Sandy.
I worked for you when I was a sheriff.
You didn't ruin my life. but I still don't like you.
Well. what about you... Did you text me?
Well. it wasn't me.
It was her.
She wrote that.
I don't know why she wrote that.
- That's the whole truth.
- Did you send me a message?
- Because I wanted him to show up.
- Yes.
Okay. but what you should have said was.
"Why are you lying about being abroad?"
the one who—the one that.
Well. I'm not lying.
What do you think?
A video by Jane Carmody.
I saw that you saw it.
Flowers.
And trees.
- And birds.
Then I went out and came back. Is that right?
So why do you say it's not safe?
It isn't safe because it isn't safe.
When I went to
the top of the hill. what did I see?
I saw what we all saw.
I saw...
I'll go up the hill. and then
I'll go to the shelter. right?
But do you remember that?
Really?
Or do you only remember what was shown to you?
No. I...
I... Well. I don't...
I don't know.
Then maybe they did.
Maybe they really did.
- What?
- Wait a second.
Do you remember the medicine that Sims offered me?
"Take these pills and you'll forget
that we took your wife to her grave"?
Do you remember that?
I said it was complete nonsense.
- Yeah.
- Maybe it's not nonsense.
- I'm sorry.
All I'm saying is...
- Just...
What if your head injury wasn't caused by a fire?
Let me ask you something.
Are you currently receiving a lot of medical care?
- Yes.
- Yes. it's as if they're asking you to swallow.
A full range of grains?
- Yes?
- Yes.
Wake up. everyone.
I'm sorry.
But you're the only one who got out and survived.
And now. a surprise—a strange surprise.
She doesn't remember anything except what they told her.
Get the helmets.
Hey.
What the hell were you doing?
What did she want?
Why didn't we meet?
He did not ask for information at random.
I know.
I went to Charlotte for a story. and then. when she didn't understand it.
- She came to me.
- No. you idiot. I didn't go to her.
She came to me.
I read my stuff.
I thought she could trust me. so we met in secret.
There were questions she wanted answered
Ask the questions she couldn't ask.
The best thing she can do is point me in the right direction.
The Right Direction—Why?
I thought there was something wrong with the mission in Iran.
I thought you might be ready to use it
How little power does Congress have?
To try to find some answers.
What are the questions?
The kind of administration that might be eager for war with Iran
I don't want him to be asked.
For example: "Was the 'dirty bomb' attack on Washington real?"
She told me that not all of the planned missions to Iran are related to nuclear weapons.
Just as it had been. heading toward the mountains bordering Turkmenistan.
Their aircraft will be loaded with bomb racks.
She said they had withdrawn the communications units
I installed this old school system from the 1980s.
Why do they do that?
What do old communications give you?
Don't want your email hacked?
Use a typewriter.
Don't you want to hack your planes?
Take
Kick them out of the digital arena.
She said. "You could say we fly Tomcats."
Everyone in Charlotte's squadron is dead
And she's performing a magic trick here?
Where will she be treated?
What will her treatment be?
Are you sure he'll never remember what happened?
I didn't sneak in there today to hear a story.
Your sister wanted the truth.
It's bad enough that she would risk her
career and even go to jail over it.
I think she's still doing that.
Which leaves only one question: Was she
right to send me to you for help?
Then the attacker approached her from behind.
They spoke for a few seconds. and then
Juliette followed the thief.
At the end of the alley. in one of the warehouses.
Which storage room?
I can show you...
But there's something I want in return.
And what could it be?
We got this from the
IT department that day.
The number 18 is printed on the inside.
The same number as the one on the hard drive.
But this—that helmet you
were wearing earlier?
It says 17.
Juliet.
You had a mark.
I held it up in front of the camera and said:
"It's not safe. Don't go out."
I've been working for you.
I recognize your handwriting.
You didn't write that.
Which of the scholar's books?
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know... He's gone.
Great.
What now?
Let's get back to looking for Lucas Kyle.
Ninety-two days without seeing each other.
But do you know what they say?
Today. 93 is magic.
Yeah.
Hey. wait—Lucas Kyle?
- Yes. it was Bernard's shadow.
- No. I know.
I know.
Why are you looking for it?
Because before he became
Bernard's shadow. he was in the mines.
Why?
Because you showed him traces of
the red level and he didn't report them.
I assumed you showed him that hard drive.
I don't...
I don't remember giving it to him...
I know. You don't remember
anything. I've got it.
Wait. Stop.
So Lucas is sent to
the mines. but why did Bernard take him out?
Why? I don't understand.
That's what we're trying to find out.
But he hadn't seen him since the uprising.
Damn him. Get her out of
here. Go. go. go. go.
- You have to go. The United States of America.
- We have to go.
- Now.
- Oh. Okay.
Madam Mayor. please step aside.
- Bring the ram.
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
- Wait.
Free the mayor! Fire her.
The United States of America!
What did Kennedy want?
He kept talking about how safe it was abroad.
That I lied and that I must tell the truth.
- But you know the truth.
- Yes.
I know.
When I dreamed of Bernard.
I said you had to do something. but you can't remember what it was.
Which one—the one or the one?
Did Kennedy say anything about that?
What?
No.
No. he just yelled that I had to do it.
Tell everyone that the weather is nice outside.
- Is that all he said?
- Yes.
All right.
Look. I realized that it was because of that message.
Did you blindly jump into something that could have gone terribly wrong?
the one who—the one that.
That's why I'm at Jerry's house.
Okay?
Because it's the only way I can protect you
- If we're in it together.
- Okay.
It can't be a secret.
I know.
I didn't think about it. and I'm sorry.
I should have... I shouldn't have.
I know.
- I know.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Yes.
Are we okay?
- Not really.
I...
I need you to meet someone.
Why?
I followed you.
She...
The only way he can
tell us where you were is by talking to you.
- I told her she could have one minute.
- Are you kidding me?
I'm tired.
- I told her she could have one minute.
- Are you kidding me?
I'm tired.
It's accurate.
- Okay. The one—the one.
- Yes?
Well...
Juliet.
- Exactly.
- That's our name. It's a tribute.
Did it hurt to get that?
A few.
A lot. actually.
Do you know what that means?
- No. no?
We thought that if you already had it.
it must surely mean something good.
Exactly.
Can you tell me what that means?
Excuse me. what's your name? What do people call you?
And your parents... what do they call you?
- Evelyn.
Well. that's a good name.
I don't know what that means.
I don't even remember getting it.
So I think you have marks on your body that don't mean anything.
But yes.
I'm sorry.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
You're out.
And you've come back to stop us from killing each other
So. if these lines mean nothing else to you.
Well. that's what they think of us.
- Let's not let that happen again today.
Okay?
- Yes.
I want to tell you two things.
Hey!
First of all: That scam at the market?
It's not cold.
I'm not the kind of person who would ever lay a hand on a woman.
I respect this badge and my wife.
The one who—the one that.
That was awful.
And I'm not myself right now.
- Yes?
- Yes.
One more thing: I've been thinking about the whole issue of the mayor's safety.
Basically. we feel like we're treating you like a prisoner.
It doesn't suit me either.
Well. if you want to get away from all this...
Take some time for yourself. you can tell me.
- I'll find a way to get this done.
- What about Kamil?
You are the mayor of my town.
Let me take care of Mrs. Sims.
Come on.
You might want to wear long sleeves until you're better.
They are looking for a woman with an injury to her right wrist.
For several weeks. I looked the other way. Kat.
And I hadn't set foot on the ground
- Hanging out with Kennedy-- - Did I step on your leg?
You're really going to go there.
I don't know where the hell I'm going.
I've seen the page.
The world was beautiful.
Do you think you need me to remind you?
I've spent my whole life living off something.
To impose something...
- That's a lie.
- No.
Not everything.
But if you think there isn't a single day
I'm not overwhelmed by the irony that he was asked to help rewrite the charter...
How often do I realize that the things I believed in were wrong?
But what do you do...
I can't tell you. Kennedy. or anyone else what to think.
But today. things have gone even further than that.
Think whatever you want! Don't storm
in there! Don't arrest the mayor!
Your daughter is asleep.
It's a miracle that no one saw you.
What if they were?
What happens next?
When they told me that
my wife was in the middle of all this.
I don't know. Paul.
I have a hard time understanding things. too.
I have to go.
Where?
Center.
Someone is missing.
High blood pressure.
It's no surprise after
that terrible day. is it?
the one who—the one that.
- It's time for vitamins.
- Thank you.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
Hey. I'm going to
the cafeteria. I'm hungry.
I hadn't noticed that before
Yeah. okay. now you have it.
Ma'am. would you like to order something?
No. I'm fine.
On the bright side. I think that scared her.
I apologized for not letting you know about the message right away.
So you think things are back on track.
I can't guarantee tomorrow. but today—yes.
I think they are.
Upon her return. Juliet's continued presence was not welcome.
But the numbers showed that it was acceptable.
It might even be helpful.
The blue line represents the settling level in the silo.
Because of the election of Juliet Nichols as mayor.
The red line represents the risk posed in the event of a memory protocol failure.
If these lines are crossed. Juliet Nichols will outlive her usefulness.
If these lines are crossed. Juliet
Nichols will outlive her usefulness.
The problem. of course. is that
Juliette's sudden removal
It could lead to catastrophic instability.
We can only hope that the vitamin complex will be introduced
It occurs in the water supply system before it becomes necessary.
It happens in the water supply system
before it becomes necessary.
Vitamin D4
Translated by
"darkz / Khaldoun"